[DEVX-1064] Add docs for multi-app support on saucectl (#518)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/testrunner-toolkit/configuration/espresso.md

```
---

### `otherApps`
<p><small>| OPTIONAL | ARRAY |</small></p>

> List of paths to apps to be pre-installed for running tests. The relative file location is `{project-root}/apps/app1.apk`, and the property supports expaned environment vairables to designate the path, as shown in the following examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set of one or more paths to apps to be pre-installed for running tests. The relative file location is `{project-root}/apps/app1.apk`, and the property supports expanded environment variables to designate the path, as shown in the following examples.
```

Author: ok!

Reviewer 2: Actually the customer is supposed to not only be able to pass in filepaths inside the `otherApps` capability, but also AppStorage URIs directly. (i.e. strings prefixed with `storage:` this is so we have feature parity to appium.

I am sorry if this was not clear from the tickets, it is mentioned though on https://saucedev.atlassian.net/browse/DEVX-1064

> Set of one or more paths to apps to be pre-installed for running tests. The relative file location is `{project-root}/apps/app1.apk`, and the property supports expanded environment variables to designate the path, as shown in the following examples.

Reviewer 2: Actually the customer is supposed to not only be able to pass in filepaths inside the otherApps capability, but also AppStorage URIs directly. (i.e. strings prefixed with storage: this is so we have feature parity to appium.

I am sorry if this was not clear from the tickets, it is mentioned though on https://saucedev.atlassian.net/browse/DEVX-1064

Author: This ticket is for adding storage id https://saucedev.atlassian.net/browse/DEVX-1095 We can merge this and do more changes upon it.
